# Rust API for openapi_client

Daily tracker backend API

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 1.0.0
- Build date: 2026-01-03T13:51:11.915201-08:00[America/Los_Angeles]
- Generator version: 7.18.0



This autogenerated project defines an API crate `openapi_client` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.
* A CLI tool to drive basic API operations from the command line.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `openapi_client`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `openapi_client`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `openapi_client` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on the examples](#using-the-generated-library).

## CLI

Run the included CLI tool with:

```
cargo run --bin cli --features=cli
```

To pass in arguments, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --bin cli --features=cli -- --help
```

See the help text for available options.

To build a standalone tool, use:

```
cargo build --bin cli --features=cli --release
```

You'll find the binary at `target/release/cli`.

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client GetDailyTracks
cargo run --example client GetDailyTrackById
cargo run --example client GetTopics
cargo run --example client GetTopicById
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.
* `cli`
    * This defaults to disabled and is required for building the included CLI tool.
* `validate`
    * This defaults to disabled and allows JSON Schema validation of received data using `MakeService::set_validation` or `Service::set_validation`.
    * Note, enabling validation will have a performance penalty, especially if the API heavily uses regex based checks.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8080/api/v1*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**createDailyTrack**](docs/daily_track_api.md#createDailyTrack) | **POST** /daily-tracks | Create a new daily track record
[**getDailyTracks**](docs/daily_track_api.md#getDailyTracks) | **GET** /daily-tracks | Get daily track records
[**getDailyTrackById**](docs/daily_track_api.md#getDailyTrackById) | **GET** /daily-tracks/{id} | Get a daily track record by ID
[**createTopic**](docs/topic_api.md#createTopic) | **POST** /topics | Create a new topic
[**getTopics**](docs/topic_api.md#getTopics) | **GET** /topics | Get all topics
[**getTopicById**](docs/topic_api.md#getTopicById) | **GET** /topics/{id} | Get a topic by ID


## Documentation For Models

 - [CreateDailyTrackRequest](docs/CreateDailyTrackRequest.md)
 - [CreateTopicRequest](docs/CreateTopicRequest.md)
 - [DailyTrack](docs/DailyTrack.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [Topic](docs/Topic.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### api_key
- **Type**: API key

Example
```
```

## Author



